release-cloud: add wording about alibaba cloud (#20653)
pingcap/docs: _docHome.md

TiDB Cloud is a fully-managed Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) that brings everything great about TiDB to your cloud, letting you focus on your applications instead of the complexities of your database.

> **The current TiDB Cloud support for Alibaba Cloud is in preview. If you are looking for support for other cloud providers, check [TiDB Cloud documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TiDB Cloud support for Alibaba Cloud is currently in preview. If you are looking for support for other cloud providers, check [TiDB Cloud documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud).**
```
